 






https://morioh.com/p/40c5eee00312?f=5c21fb01c16e2556b555ab32&fbclid=IwAR2vnq_nL6fhb-Yk5_hc-MYTs3YpgveLgc0XlUomPod80eZ3XmCeVDx3W-4
10 Best Data Science Projects to Get Hired and You Must Know in 2021
https://www.mltut.com/best-data-science-projects-to-get-hired/?fbclid=IwAR3e4Nr1CWc-ndh2uqxACkVHD2DlE6bVLC67yATyg3VxLo2uA5_t1M6G9e0
Build a chatbot from scratch - Ultimate Chatbot Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GLFcm7dGiY&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR2gxGHuZ7_ushvUuMgYwsL9xJjcOlIWKVmcOGuWlqChylcd5CcSgOE5wc4
Wine Recommender System Using Principal Component Analysis- Python
https://www.mltut.com/wine-recommender-system-using-principal-component-analysis/?fbclid=IwAR2l9ehJZppzjG_kBlKRLRqAdUibGHBWJTFwwryo-qxWp_vofcTWLUJeHYE
Deep Learning Algorithms For Solving Advanced Mathematical Problems
https://medium.com/towards-artificial-intelligence/deep-learning-algorithms-for-solving-advanced-mathematical-problems-719467a394e8
Video to Text Description Using Deep Learning and Transformers | COOT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TRp5SuEtoY
Forecasting the power generated by a solar plant using Neural Designer
https://www.neuraldesigner.com/learning/examples/solar-power-generation
Recognize human activity from smartphone signals using Neural Designer
https://www.neuraldesigner.com/learning/examples/activity-recognition
8 Neural Networks Projects Solved and Explained
https://medium.com/datadriveninvestor/8-neural-networks-projects-solved-and-explained-a4f142bc10c
Hierarchical Human Activity Recognition using Deep Learning
https://kk7nc.medium.com/hierarchical-human-activity-recognition-using-deep-learning-5e965fecb499
4 Recommendation System Projects with Python
https://medium.com/coders-camp/4-recommendation-system-projects-with-python-5934de32ba7d
Machine Learning Project on Hand Gesture Recognition Model
https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2020/11/20/hand-gesture-recognition-with-python/?fbclid=IwAR1XwLC9XguICMBLdFqvryOfmOdKm4CPGSVjxuET7QwQEoBkxI0AiEimLU0
6 Sentiment Analysis Projects with Python
https://amankharwal.medium.com/6-sentiment-analysis-projects-with-python-1fdd3d43d90f
Build and deploy data science products: Machine translation application -Build and deploy using Flaskd
https://bayesianquest.com/2020/10/24/viii-build-and-deploy-data-science-products-machine-translation-application-build-and-deploy-using-flask/?fbclid=IwAR2bsR2nGhTl4v8U1ETRamFCNGjLaJKgQ_6L5sqz3rHa6egf9JCXv3HkCUA
How I Built and Deployed a Fun Serverless Machine Learning App
https://towardsdatascience.com/building-and-deploying-cartoonify-b4786b382d7e
Build and deploy data science products: Machine translation application -Build and deploy using Flask
https://bayesianquest.com/2020/10/24/viii-build-and-deploy-data-science-products-machine-translation-application-build-and-deploy-using-flask/
Face Mask Detection with Machine Learning
https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2020/11/17/face-mask-detection-with-machine-learning/
20 Machine Learning Projects on Future Prediction with Python
https://amankharwal.medium.com/20-machine-learning-projects-on-future-prediction-with-python-93932d9a7f7f
Build and Deploy Data Science Products : A Practical Guide to Building a Machine Translation Application.
https://bayesianquest.com/2020/10/24/build-your-machine-translation-application-byte-by-byte/
Data Science Project on Youtube Trending Videos Analysis with Python
https://thecleverprogrammer.com/2020/11/28/youtube-trending-videos-analysis-with-python/?fbclid=IwAR06m4Ab_j0QelEaD56QtCDPHC2m3l4hEr72xgj90cMH0U4YN0ovKpwCyjs
10 Machine Learning Projects on Time Series Forecasting
https://amankharwal.medium.com/10-machine-learning-projects-on-time-series-forecasting-ee0368420ccd
500-AI-Machine-learning-Deep-learning-Computer-vision-NLP-Projects-with-code
https://github.com/ashishpatel26/500-AI-Machine-learning-Deep-learning-Computer-vision-NLP-Projects-with-code?fbclid=IwAR0VFY0oGMExA-zEvUxsFENK2F2sYbfn5NvPhKriB66lYd-fP4cN8lM-6rI

